# Edited_Task_MDI

### Youtube link for running --> https://youtu.be/fK6tadMYdW4

#### Master branch contains the source code for this repository. 

1- You have to change path of FileInputStream in Base class to get URL from Properties file to run the project.

2- Run project from TestNG file and the Report which I used is emailable report from TestNG.


## Detailed Explanation

### The task is done by (Selenium - TestNG - POM - Java - OOP)

- Base Class: It contains setUp() Function which takes browser name as an parameter  from TestNG file to choose what is the browser you want to run test on it. And   URL is passed by config.properties file. Also some type of waits to handle the running.
  
- Package page: It conatins 3 classes to declare Webelements that used in task.
  
- pageTest: Contains 3 calsses that have the automation steps of task.
  
- loginTest Class: Contain a function that ensure that if email correct but not registered an error message will appear.
  

- addToCart Class:
  * We can use SoftAssert in this test case.
  * Contains variable that store quantity of the product
  * Some steps to choose the product.
  * If product has more than one model choose second product if not ignore models page and continue buying process.
  * If the product has additional coverage offers such as "Laptops" a pop up page will appear to offer that so to reject the offer
    click on NO thanks button.
    
  ( 2nd and 3rd steps because the locators work dynamically to choose the the first product or second model whatever the product ).

  * Takes the prices from product page and edit its format and data type to ensure that they are correct compared to cart prices and subtotal.
    
  * Takes the name and quantity from product page to ensure that they are correct compared to cart name and quantity.
 
  - accountTest Class: Contains function that change language to English and 3 test cases that ensure that privileges are correct by asserting that Title, URL,         Text and Fields are correct.

  - Listeners class: Contains onTestFail function that takes screenshot when test fails and saved in Screenshots directory.
 
  - Report: Is generated by TestNG and called emailable-report.html.

